Develop/README.md, before:

<h1 align=center>ReadMe Generator Example</h1><br>

  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)<br>

  ## Description
  This is an example of the template that the README generator will produce.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)  
  - [Questions and Contact](#questions-and-contact)

  ## Installation
  :toolbox:<br>
  Please initilize using npm init and install inquirer using npm install inquirer

  ## Usage
  :books:<br>
  You can use this readme generator for future projects to help make the process more efficient.

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)<br>
  This application is licensed under the MIT license. Please click the link to read more about the license!<br>
  [License Information](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

  ## Testing
  N/A
  
  ## Contributions
  :busts_in_silhouette:<br>
  N/A

  ## Questions and Contact
  :grey_question::grey_question:<br>
  Please contact me if there are any issues!<br><br>
  Please visit my GitHub profile <br>
  :octocat: https://github.com/aanolan51 <br><br>
  Feel free to drop me a line! <br> :fountain_pen: nolana464@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added gif of program running.

Develop/README.md, after:

<h1 align=center>ReadMe Generator Example</h1><br>

  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)<br>

  ## Description
  This project is to create a readme.md file.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)  
  - [Questions and Contact](#questions-and-contact)

  ## Installation
  :toolbox:<br>
  Please use npm install inquirer to run this program. 

  ## Usage
  :books:<br>
  N/A

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square)<br>
  This application is licensed under the MIT license. Please click the link to read more about the license!<br>
  [License Information](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

  ## Testing
  N/A
  
  ## Contributions
  :busts_in_silhouette:<br>
  Please contact me if you would like to contribute.

  ## Questions and Contact
  :grey_question::grey_question:<br>
  Please contact me if you have any questions.<br><br>
  Please visit my GitHub profile <br>
  :octocat: https://github.com/aanolan51 <br><br>
  Feel free to drop me a line! <br> :fountain_pen: nolana464@gmail.com
